Fix Microsoft Auth Provider when getting ADO Scopes (#23175)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/forty-oranges-joke.md

---

> '@backstage/integration-react': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/integration-react': minor
```

This isn't a breaking change so minor will be fine

> '@backstage/integration-react': minor

Reviewer 2: Think that this should just be a `patch` release right? `integration-react` is `0.x` package, and this change isn't breaking as far as I can tell 🤞

Author: https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/23175#discussion_r1499231251

I originally had it as a patch, but changed based on feedback.

Let me know which one is correct, and I'll change it.

Reviewer: 100% my fault, clearly my brain was not working at the time. Sorry about that @Phiph

Author: No worries :) I'll make the change now :)

---

> Updated azure devops scopes to include the clientid for Azure Dev Ops OAuth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `microsoftAuthApi` scopes to for Azure DevOps to be fully qualified. Also added `openid`, `profile` and `email` scopes
```
